---
title: Microsoft rapporteren, Add-In licentievoorwaarden voor phishing
description: Een beschrijving van de licentievoorwaarden voor Microsoft rapporteren van Microsoft rapporteren en melden Add-In
keywords: Microsoft, rapport, phishing, beveiliging, zwendel, Hack, licentie, voorwaarden, toepassing, gebruik, installatie, service, feedback
search.product: eADQiWindows 10XVcnh
ms.prod: w10
ms.mktglfcycl: deploy
ms.sitesec: library
ms.pagetype: security
ms.author: v-maave
author: martyav
ms.localizationpriority: medium
manager: dansimp
audience: ITPro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
ms.topic: conceptual
hideEdit: true
ms.openlocfilehash: a6c28bad5b79bc7459a1a00fabb6713b1759201d
ms.sourcegitcommit: b3bb5bf5efa197ef8b16a33401b0b4f5663d3aa0
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 01/28/2021
ms.locfileid: "50032684"
---
# <a name="microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in-license-terms"></a><span data-ttu-id="43095-104">Microsoft rapporteren, Add-In licentievoorwaarden voor phishing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-104">Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-In license terms</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-software-license-terms-microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="43095-105">Licentievoorwaarden voor Microsoft-software: Microsoft rapporteren van Microsoft-software rapporteren en phishing-invoegtoepassing melden</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-105">Microsoft software license terms: Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-in</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="43095-106">Als u in de Verenigde Staten woont of een bedrijf bent met een hoofdzetel, lees dan de afdeling 7, *bindende arbitrage en verklaring van afstand*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-106">If you live in or are a business with a principal place of business based in the United States, please read Section 7, *Binding arbitration and class action waiver*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-107">Dit maakt een beschrijving van de manier waarop geschillen worden opgelost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-107">It describes how disputes are resolved.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="43095-108">*In het Engels:* Aangezien deze software wordt gedistribueerd in Canada, worden enkele van de clausules van deze overeenkomst (specifiek in secties 10, 11 en 12) in het Frans geleverd.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-108">*In English:* As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement (specifically in Sections 10, 11, and 12) are provided in French.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="43095-109">*En Français* CE logiciel étant distribué au Canada, bepaalde des-clausules dans ce-ondervullen (spécifiquement dans ls secties 10, 11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en Français.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-109">*En Français* Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat (spécifiquement dans les sections 10, 11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43095-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43095-112">Als u akkoord gaat met deze licentievoorwaarden, hebt u de onderstaande rechten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-112">If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-113">Door de software te gebruiken, aanvaardt u deze voorwaarden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-113">By using the software, you accept these terms.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-114">**INSTALLATIE-EN GEBRUIKSRECHTEN**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-114">**INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS**</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-115">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-115">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-117">**Third Party Software.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-117">**Third Party Software.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-118">De software kan toepassingen van derden omvatten die Microsoft, niet de derde, onder deze overeenkomst een licentie verleent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-118">The software may include third party applications that Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-119">Alle opgenomen kennisgevingen voor toepassingen van derden dienen uitsluitend ter informatie.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-119">Any included notices for third party applications are for your information only.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-120">**Serviceovereenkomst van Microsoft.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-120">**Microsoft Services Agreement.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-121">Voor sommige functies van de software is toegang tot, of afhankelijk van Online Services, beschikbaar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-121">Some features of the software provide access to, or rely on, online services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-122">Het gebruik van deze diensten (maar niet de software) is onderworpen aan de afzonderlijke voorwaarden en het privacybeleid van de Microsoft-serviceovereenkomst [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-122">The use of those services (but not the software) is governed by the separate terms and privacy policies in the Microsoft Services Agreement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-123">Gelieve ze te lezen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-123">Please read them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-124">De services zijn mogelijk niet in alle regio's beschikbaar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-124">The services may not be available in all regions.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="43095-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-126">De software kan gegevens over u en uw gebruik van de software verzamelen en naar Microsoft verzenden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-126">The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-127">Microsoft mag deze informatie gebruiken om services te leveren en de producten en services van Microsoft te verbeteren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-127">Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-128">De Beschrijf rechten, indien van toepassing, worden beschreven in de productdocumentatie.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-128">Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-129">In sommige functies van de software kunnen gegevens worden verzameld van gebruikers van uw toepassingen die de software openen of gebruiken.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-129">Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-130">Als u deze functies gebruikt om het verzamelen van gegevens in uw toepassingen in te schakelen, dient u zich te houden aan de toepasselijke wetgeving, waaronder het verkrijgen van een vereiste gebruikers vergunning, en over het behoud van een opvallend privacybeleid dat gebruikers nauwkeurig informeert over hoe u hun gegevens kunt gebruiken, verzamelen en delen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-130">If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-131">U vindt meer informatie over het verzamelen van gegevens in Microsoft en gebruikt in de documentatie bij het product en de privacyverklaring van Microsoft [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-131">You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-132">U komt overeen te voldoen aan alle van toepassing zijnde bepalingen van de Microsoft-privacyverklaring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-132">You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="43095-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-140">de software gebruiken voor commerciële activiteiten of activiteiten met een non-profit organisatie of opbrengsten-Genereer activiteiten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-140">use the software for commercial, non-profit, or revenue-generating activities;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="43095-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-145">Ga voor meer informatie over exportbeperkingen naar [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-145">For further information on export restrictions, visit [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="43095-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span></span>

6. <span data-ttu-id="43095-149">**UPDATES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-149">**UPDATES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span></span>

7. <span data-ttu-id="43095-155">**BINDENDE ARBITRAGE EN AFSTANDS VERKLARING INZAKE COLLECTIEVE CLAIMS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-155">**BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-156">**Deze sectie is van toepassing als u de Verenigde Staten woont (of, als er een bedrijf, uw hoofd plaats van de vestiging) is.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-156">**This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-158">Als u en Microsoft ons niet doet, stemt u ermee in dat u Microsoft en Microsoft niet akkoord gaat met **de bindende samenwerking voor de American arbitrage Association** onder de Federal arbitrage Act (' FAA '), en **niet aan Suzan in gerechtelijke voor de rechter of jury.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-158">If you and Microsoft can’t, you and Microsoft agree to **binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association** under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and **not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-160">**Rechtszaken van klas zaken, bemiddeling op basis van een klas, persoonlijke jurist-algemene acties** en andere voortgezette gevallen waarop iemand in een vertegenwoordiger van de dienst wil **werken, mag niet worden gebruikt**; noch wordt de afzonderlijke procedure gecombineerd zonder de toestemming van alle partijen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-160">**Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions**, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity **are not allowed**; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-161">De volledige arbitrage overeenkomst bevat meer voorwaarden en is op [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-161">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span></span>

8. <span data-ttu-id="43095-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span></span>

9. <span data-ttu-id="43095-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span>

10. <span data-ttu-id="43095-170">*In het Engels:* **consumentenrechten; REGIONALE variaties** in deze overeenkomst worden bepaalde wettelijke rechten beschreven.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-170">*In English:* **CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS** This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-174">*En Français:* **EFFET juridique.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-174">*En Français:* **EFFET JURIDIQUE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-178">*In het Engels (geen verdere Franse vertaling in deze sectie):* Als u de software in een van de onderstaande regio's hebt aangeschaft, of als er dwingend land recht van toepassing is, zijn de volgende regels van toepassing op u:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-178">*In English (no further French translation provided in this section):* For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-179">**Australia.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-179">**Australia.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-181">**Canada.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-181">**Canada.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-184">**Duitsland en Oostenrijk.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-184">**Germany and Austria.**</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-185">**Warranty.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-185">**Warranty.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="43095-188">**Limitation of Liability.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-188">**Limitation of Liability.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span></span>

            <span data-ttu-id="43095-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span></span>

11. <span data-ttu-id="43095-192">*In het Engels:* **afwijzing van de garantie.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-192">*In English:* **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-193">De software wordt in licentie gegeven.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-193">The software is licensed "as is."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-194">U draagt het risico voor de gebruik ervan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-194">You bear the risk of using it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-195">Microsoft verbiedt geen uitdrukkelijke garanties, garanties of voorwaarden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-195">Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-196">Voor zover toegestaan onder toepasselijke wetten, sluit Microsoft alle impliciete garanties uit, met uitzondering van verkoopbaarheid, geschiktheid voor een bepaald doel en niet-INBREUKMAKENDHEID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-196">To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Microsoft excludes all implied warranties, including merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-197">*En Français*: **EXONÉRATION de garantie.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-197">*En Français*: **EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span></span>

12. <span data-ttu-id="43095-203">*In het Engels:* **beperking en uitsluiting van schade.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-203">*In English:* **LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-204">Als u bij het herstellen van schade rekening moet houden, ondanks de voorafgaande afwijzing van de garantie, dan kunt u de schade van Microsoft en de leveranciers rechtstreeks herstellen met een directe schadevergoeding van VS $5,00.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-204">If you have any basis for recovering damages despite the preceding disclaimer of warranty, you can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-205">U kunt geen andere schade, waaronder schade, winstderving, speciale, indirecte of incidentele schade, herstellen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-205">You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-206">Deze beperking geldt voor (a) alles met betrekking tot de software, services, inhoud (inclusief code) op Internet sites van derden of toepassingen van derden. en (b) claims voor schendingen van contract, garantie, garantie of voorwaarde; strenge aansprakelijkheid, nalatigheid of andere onrechtmatige aansprakelijkheid; of een ander claim verzoek; elke zaak voor zover dit is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk recht.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-206">This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-209">*En Français:* **beperking des DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS et uitzondering RESPONSABILITÉ, Les DOMMAGES storten.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-209">*En Français:* **LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et ses FOURNISSEURS une verzwakking en CAS de dommages stuurt de hauteur directe en de 5, 00 $ US.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="43095-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="43095-214">@ réclamations au titer de overtreding van de onderliggend ou, de garantie, OE au titer de responsabilité strict, The négligence ou d'une autre Faute dans la Limit autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-214">les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="43095-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43095-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43095-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span></span>
